Handle errors in execution (#176)
duckdb/pg_duckdb: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Error Handling

* Use exceptions **only** when an error is encountered that terminates a query (e.g. parser error, table not found). Exceptions should only be used for **exceptional** situations. For regular errors that do not break the execution flow (e.g. errors you **expect** might occur) use a return value instead.

> * *Exception* should be used in code that is executed inside duckdb engine.
> * Use PostgreSQL *elog* API to report messages back to user. Using *ERROR* is strictly forbiden to use as it can brake execution and lead to
> unexpected memory problems - *ERROR* is only used in duckdb node to early bail out execution in case of query preparation error or execution interruption.
> * Calling PostgreSQL native functions needs to be used with *PostgresFunctionGuard*. *PostgresFunctionGuard* will handle correctly *ERROR* log messages that could be emmited from these functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* There are two distinct parts of the code where error handling is done very differently: The code that executes before we enter DuckDB execution engine (e.g. initial part of the planner hook) and the part that gets executed inside the duckdb execution engine. Below are rules for how to handle errors in both parts of the code. Not following these guidelines can cause crashes, memory leaks and other unexpected problems.
* Before we enter the DuckDB exection engine no exceptions should ever be thrown here. In cases where you would want to throw an exception here, use `elog(ERROR, ...)`. Any C++ code that might throw an exception is also problematic. Since C++ throws exceptions on allocation failures, this covers lots of C++ APIs. So try to use Postgres datastructures instead of C++ ones whenever possible (e.g. use `List` instead of `Vec`)
* Inside the duckdb execution engine the opposite is true. `elog(ERROR, ...)` should never be used there, use exceptions instead.
* Use PostgreSQL *elog* API can be used to report non-fatal messages back to user. Using *ERROR* is strictly forbiden to use in code that is executed inside the duckdb engine as 
* Calling PostgreSQL native functions from within DuckDB execution needs **extreme care**. Pretty much non of these functions are thread-safe, and they might throw errors using `elog(ERROR, ...)`. If you've solved the thread-safety issue by taking a lock (or by carefully asserting that the actual code is thread safe), then you can use *PostgresFunctionGuard* to solve the `elog(ERROR, ...) problem. *PostgresFunctionGuard* will correctly handle *ERROR* log messages that could be emmited from these functions.
```

Author: Changed according to suggestion.
